There are three types of Angular testing:

	- Unit testing: is the process of testing small, isolated pieces of code. Also known as isolated
	testing, unit tests do not use external resources, such as network or a database.
	
	Angular is designed to help us write code in such a way that will enable us test our app's
	functions individually in isolation. 
	
	Angular integration testing: is just as important as unit testing and end-to-end (E2E) testing.
	Using Angular integration testing, you can test two or more units of an Angular app that work
	together to perform a specific task. For example, you can test to verify that your app sends or
	receives the expected data from a service. Writing integration tests for Angular projects should
	be a must.
	

Functional testing: refers to testing the functionality and of your Angular app from a user 
experience perspective - i.e., interacting with your app as it's running in a browser just as a user
would


Jasmine, Karma and Angular TestBed are the powerful Testing Utilities/tools to build 
Unit/Integration tests in Angular. 

Jasmine: is a behaviour-driven development Test framework for testing JavaScript code.

describe ("A suite is just a function", function() {
	var a;
	
	it("and so is a spec", function() {
		a = true.
		
		expect(a).toBe(true);
		
	});
});


Karma: is a tool which lets us spawn browsers and run Jasmine tests inside of them all from the
command line. 

Karma is a task runner for our tests. It uses a configuration file in order to set the startup file, the
reporters, the testing framework, the browser among other things.

What is Angular Test Bed?

The TestBed is the most important Angular testing utility. The TestBed creates a 
dynamically-constructed Angular test module that emulates an Angular @NgModule.

Before running any test in angular you need to configure an angular testbed. This allows you to 
create an angular environment for the component being tested. Any module, component or 
service that your tested component needs have to be included in the testbed. Finally, after 
settling the configuration, you call the compile components function. 